Fine. You know... Same old same old.
Whatever. Your call.
I'm not telling my friends about us.
You tell them if you want. Go ahead. Rock the boat. Rock and roll it the hell over. My friends and I'll still be groovin' with the movin'.
Because I don't love you.
Okay... can we go in that one?
You stole a toothbrush?
Yeah, but you stole a toothbrush . As rebellious teenagers go, you're kinda square.
I guess this was a kinda lame idea for a sisters-day-out. I make up for trying to kill you by taking you places you can't go in.
Hey, you didn't steal anything from the pet store, did you?
Good, then we can go look at the puppies.
Yeah, but... puppies. You used to think they were cute.
It'll pass. You've returned all the stuff you still had. We're paying for the rest.
We'll figure it out. And, you know, maybe in a couple months they'll let us visit the leather birthday jacket.
I would never --
Okay, you know what we need?
(re: food court ahead) Warm chocolate chip cookies. Just as warm as puppies, and somewhat tastier.
Got up early, seemed like a breakfast kind of morning, what kind of syrup you want on your pancakes?
You know, I was thinking, after the mall yesterday, maybe staying in tonight might be kinda cool, so whaddya think of, like, a big video and pizza night?
Oh, and do you have plans this weekend? 'Cause I was thinking maybe we could try to get to --
This isn't guilt. I want us to spend time.
But I'm cramping your teenage style.
I am. I'm the embarrassing mom who tries too hard. When did this happen?
Uh huh. And then maybe we'll invite over some strangers and ask them to feed you candy.
Yes, well, technically, you're one- and-a-half.
I'm sure you could. But it's more dangerous than I had in mind.
Dawn. I'm trying so hard to keep you away from that stuff. I don't want you to be around dangerous things that can kill you.
But you don't have to go looking for them. Eat up. You'll be late for school.
I don't think he could feel any worse.
Anya, Xander's my friend. I know what he did was wrong and if it had happened to me I'd --
I don't really think I should --
No, I know what he did was wrong. God. I can't imagine -- It must have been torture.
Whoa, what guys ? There have only been four -- three! Only three guys! That's barely plural.
Anya, I know you're hurting, but --
No, that's not what I'm saying. What he did was wrong. He knows that.
I know. He really did. I wish...
Okay. Not crazy about that idea.
Or, in the Land of the Sane, you could give her some space and let her cool down.
True, but Crap Guy gets to keep all his appendages.
Okay, see, this is why a heart to heart isn't your best course of action here. You're both upset and angry and what the hell is that creepy little thing doing in my yard? Did Willow put that there when I was dead? 'Cause if I had known, I would have crawled out of the grave sooner to kick her --
Oh my God.
What the -- who --
It's a camera.
Someone was using it to spy on me. On the house. Xander thinks it might've been you.
Spike --
Yeah, righteous indignation is absolutely the way to go here, 'cause you don't kill or lie or steal or manipulate --
I know.
I think it is. For you.
(re: the screen) How's it coming? Can you see who's getting the camera's signal?
Yeah. But it's not the who I want. It's the where.
And they sent the Psycho Demon to interrupt me.
I want. To find. These guys.
Talk to me, Will.
But can you get us a location?
What? What?
What?
What?
That's enough.
And a lot of monsters.
But it's over. Spike.
I kinda didn't admit it to myself.
What?
Confused? No! Dawn - I did the breaking up. Spike was obsessed with me .
I'm serious. He was acting like a total stalker-
Didn't take long, did it?
Xander--
