Come on. We have to keep moving.
Xander, we don't have time.
I know.
That's why we have to move.
Andrew. Both of them are just sitting in the county jail without a clue Willow's coming.
Will's got an addictive personality, and she's just tasted blood. She could be there already.
And I'm counting the ways that could go wrong.
Against Willow - tonight - don't be too sure.
Doesn't matter - Willow just killed somebody. Killing changes you. Believe me: I know.
Maybe. Jonathan and Andrew don't.
I hope so. I mean, I want to believe that as much as you do, but whatever she's going through, we gotta stop her. And maybe we can if we get to your...
Looks like she wants to finish the job without us tagging along. Meet me at the jail.
We have to make a run for it.
Pretty much.
Is she coming?
You guys all right?
We'll find someplace safe and keep you there until we can stop Willow.
She doesn't want you dead. She wants to kill you.
Maybe, maybe she's just getting her mojo up and running, or maybe she hasn't figured out how much power she really has yet. And neither have we.
Drive faster.
Whatever we've got here, better grab it fast. This is going to be one of the first places Willow would think to look for us.
No one is getting killed. Sit down. We've got to find some kind of Magicks that'll stop Willow.
Shut up.
I'm not protecting you, Jonathan. None of us are. We're doing this for Willow. And the only reason it happens to be your lucky day is because if she kills you, a line gets crossed, I lose a friend. And I hate losing.
Thank you. Now remember that thing we talked about?
I talk to her.
Whatever she's going to do, she starts with these two. They're the line she cannot cross. And if she's running low on the Magicks ...she's probably somewhere now trying to get it all back.
I think you need to get away from her.
You need to back down and think a minute, Will.
You're attacking the people who love you now?
That's not... you need help.
Dawn - get out of here. Go.
I know what you want to do, Willow, but listen to me: the forces inside you are incredibly powerful. They're strong, but you're stronger. Just remember - you're still Willow.
I can help.
I know - this hurts, bad - but Will, if you let loose with the Magicks now, it will never end.
You don't want that.
Because you lose everything. Your friends, your self... you let this control you and the world goes away. That's not... Willow, there's so much to --
That's not true...
Dawn...
No...
Will...
Will, stop. You have to give this up, now.
Will - back off before somebody gets hurt.
I don't want to hurt you.
I said I didn't want to.
(to guys) Go!
Are we really gonna do this?
A killer isn't a Slayer. Being a Slayer means something you can't conceive of.
Then show me what you got. And I'll show you what a Slayer is.
I can help you stop.
