Hey.
Think there's still a cold one in the fridge. Haven't gotten around to busting the major appliances yet.
The tyranny of the clock must be overthrown.
General Cirrhosis has seized control of Liver Parliament.
With your boyfriend.
I know why Anya did... I understand that. I do. But you...
Lying to me?
You could have told me.
So you went to him instead?
(genuinely hurt) It used to be.
Oh, like, "Say, you're evil. Get on me."?
But I never forgot what he really is. God, what were you thinking?
I'm not saying I haven't made mistakes. But the last time I checked slaughtering half of Europe wasn't one of them. He doesn't have a soul, Buffy. Just a leash they jammed in his head. You think he'd still be all snuggles if that chip ever stopped working?
Yeah. Lot of that going around.
(wiping hand off) Good thing I'm part fish.
The one with the hook in it.
Yeah, but then there'd be the flopping and the gasping and sure, maybe it'd work out, but chances are I'd up and leave you at the helm in your white dress and they find you spawning with another fish who turns out to be spawning my very good friend night and day behind my back and then comes the fighting and again the flopping and the gasping 'cause hey -- Chicken of the Sea not doing great with the Women these days.
Sorry. I'm just looking to curl up with the quiet alone tonight.
See now, I think it's the daddy thing that's throwing her. 'cause incest -- not that sexy.
So why don't we leave the ladies to their impending nausea and move the freakshow outside. Wadaya say?
(through the pain) At least I know how to get one.
Buffy? I found Warren.
This what you call not seeing Spike anymore --
Son of a bitch.
It's Klingon. They're love poems -- -- which have nothing to do with the insidious scheme you're about to describe.
Spree, anyone?
Be careful. Warren's gone all Mighty Mouse. Emphasis on the might.
Time for the Spring Poking already?
The sinister yet addictive card game?
You'll find him. He won't be much good without his friends.
How did we get here?
These last few weeks...
I thought I hit bottom, but... It hurt. That you didn't trust me enough to tell me about Spike. It hurt.
Maybe you would have. If I hadn't given you so many reasons to think I'd be an ass about it.
Think I got you beat.
Not so much.
Buffy --
Sweet fancy Moses! Where the hell did he get --
