Bird.
Not sure. I think I put too much milk in the eggs. And was I supposed to cook the bacon before I diced it and threw it in?
Oh. M'okay. Not "ready to return to classes, face the world" okay, but shakiness only semi now. Thought I'd spend the day fishing the net for more poop on that stolen diamond.
'Morning, Dawnie. Making you a tasty omelette. Or possibly scrambled eggs.
'kay, I deserve the wrath of Dawn. But why's she taking it out on you?
Buffy, I was the one who --
Y'know, I think I'll just head on back to my room. Get dressed.
Xander
Umn, good. I found out stuff about the diamond stolen from the museum. It's called "The Illuminata" and there's rumors of it having quasi-mystical quantum properties--
We are talking. Well, I'M talking. You're just looking at me funny.
It was nothing. I didn't slip--
Fix what?
Buffy's broken?
What?
Buffy cut her hair?
And... and you think I had something to do with this?
(getting miffed) Oh, I see. So now when anything nasty happens around here, I get conveniently blamed for it.
So I guess it wouldn't matter now if I just jump off the wagon completely, since you're already convinced I'm making pit stops.
(a little testy) Look, Xander. I figured out this was the spot Buffy disappeared from what you told me. So don't start jumping to any conclusions.
Not feeling myself right now. Sorry.
Take a look at this...
Paint I scraped off the fire hydrant.
Something hit this hydrant after it was made invisible. And betcha-by-golly-wow that something was the same something that shot out of this alley.
It's... It's a pylon. One of those orange traffic cones. You should take it back to the magic shop.
It might help you and Anya figure out what kind of spell was used.
Got paint scrapings and a tire track. I'm gonna try to find that van that's been stalking Buf-- By the way... Where is Buffy?
Cool.
Hey -- Get off me!
Buffy!
He's bluffing, Buffy. There's only three of them. I think.
They're the ones in your mystery van.
They told me everything, Buffy. Something's happening to you. You're--
You're on the wrong setting.
The gun. It's not set for reversing the particle ionization. It'll accelerate her molecular dissolution! I saw the plans!
Buffy, he's trying to kill you--
Ohhh.
Oh my God, Buffy...
No, your hair. It is adorable.
The hard way! The spell-free, all Natural, oh-my-god-my-head's-gonna- fall-off-feet-are-killing-me way.
Well, sure. Who wouldn't?
It's something.
Yay for us.
