We know where they are? Shouldn't we do something?
Speaking of Buffy isn't she ready? She's gonna be late for her first day.
Please, continue the story of failure.
Okay, ya know what? This is why demons are better than people.
When I was a vengeance demon, I caused pain and Mayhem, certainly, but I put in a very full day's work doing it! And I got compensated appropriately!
But supervillains want reward without labor! To make things come easy. It's wrong! Without labor there can be no payment and vice versa! The country cannot progress! Workers are the tools that shape America!
We're here to support your subsistence-level employment! Bravo.
Disappear poof?
Isn't that him over there? Getting the pickles wet?
Do you like this food, honey? Maybe we should have it at the reception.
Well, time is getting very short. After Willow did the, whoosh, instant engagement party, I got slack on the planning, cuz I figured she'd help. But now that's all blown to hell.
Sorry, didn't mean to tempt you. Everyone's so delicate. Anyway, I still have to select the bridesmaid dresses, plus there's the out-of-town guests and the ones from the demon realm. You wouldn't believe how many of them are not letting us know either way.
Xander? I'm starting to think we should do this pot-luck style --
Yeee!
Halfrek?
Hallie! I can't believe it!
Funny Halfrek, I didn't Summon you to kill Xander! I called to invite you to our wedding!
Gosh, it's swell to see you again, Hallie!. I didn't mean for you to have to materialize all the way out here! Not 'til the ceremony, I mean!
Yes.
Because I love him.
And we'll be very happy together.
What?
Why do you keep asking about him? Do you think I'm making a mistake?
No! Xander, he's very kind. And brave. He has the sweetest smile and the nicest body. And he loves me. Sometimes that isn't easy, but he does.
Well, I do something, or say something, and then he has to say stuff like, "it is incorrect to appreciate money so rnuch" or "observe, here is how a real human would have acted".
Well, it's just... I'm all confused now. Do you think there's something wrong with how he treats me?
Okay, you have to stop doing that. I love Xander.
He doesn't. He doesn't think that.
But I am! I mean, it's not like I'm hiding deficiencies or anything.
I'm here! I'm here!
Oh. I'm so sorry I hurried.
She's gone.
Is there something wrong with that? Did you think she was unattractive?
Halfrek was always considered a great beauty.
It's not like you're so perfect either with your strangely large upper arms and tendency to criticize.
Is it demon meat? Maybe someone is killing demons and using them as a cheap source of meat. We've all heard of that. And, by the way, I disapprove of demon meat no matter how much money it saves. Does that surprise you?
