Um, ducky. You?
Me too.
I just don't understand what happened.
Say something... about what?
If you had been more self-aware, you would have, what? been able to stop the wedding?
Do you still want to get married?
Actually, it's really not. Kind of an either-or deal. Do you want to get married?
Yes, honesty now . Congratulations, Xander, for being honest now, I wonder what the medal will say.
Well, duh.
And I wish you were never born!
I -- I wish you felt the pain of a thousand searing pokers boiling your heart in its own juices!
I wish you lived in a state of constant panic! I wish you had tentacles where your beady eyes should be! I wish your intestines were twisted into knots and ripped apart inside your lousy gut!
Really? Right now?
Those are metaphor intestines! You're not in real pain! (to herself) What's wrong with me?
Gaggghh!!
Hmmmm?
I'm sorry. I know. I'm just distracted.
No, that's just it, I tried everything, every curse I knew, nothing worked.
Well, yeah. I'm the wronged party here, of course I --
I haven't been scorned by a man in, like, a thousand years. I never had to make a wish for myself. Isn't there some way around that?
Hey.
Sorry. I just needed to... I couldn't stay here. Not after that.
It's... complicated.
Actually, there is an eensy something I could use a little help with. You're lesbians, so the hating of men will come in handy.
You think it's anywhere close to what I feel?
What if it were you, Dawn? What if all you dreamed about was that magical day? The day when the one person you loved with all your soul would promise to cherish and protect your heart for the rest of his life? But instead he shatters it into a million jagged pieces. Bet you'd wish he'd feel more than just a weensy awful, wouldn't you?
Let's test that theory.
-- wish his penis would explode?
And men really like to watch that kind of stuff, don't they? Men like Xander.
Don't you wish his eyes would explode?
Coagulate?
Oh, wish? As in I wish Xander --
Gimme a fer-instance.
Did I mention the whole "left at the altar" thing? Didn't leave that out, did I?
Okay! Let's talk about torture!
Tell me more about wishing Xander's guts and brains would go blooey.
Yes you did.
I heard you.
Didn't say what?
Oh! Right, the mad thieving. Good, yes, there 's much to do. I'm gonna put you to work, missy!
Squish squish squish! Guys have been running roughshod over you for years. Torturing that perky little ticker. Aren't you sick of it? Don't you wish guys like that --
And didn't each of them rip your heart out? Don't men like that, as to pick an example, Xander , deserve to be punished?
We're comforting me.
God! What kind of lesbian are you?! If you love men so much, go love men!
What? Xander doesn't deserve to suffer for what he did because he's your friend? And I'm not. Right. I get it.
It just -- it hurts. He hurt me so much.
Congratulations. They all still love you. Even after what you did to me.
No, they're all, oh, poor Xander, it took so much out of him, all that running away he did. I just don't understand what's wrong with these people.
But --
I want Xander good and cursed.
Get a wish from someone who doesn't freaking love him.
Yeah, but my social circle is a little limited here, what am I supposed to do, just stumble upon someone who doesn't give a fig's ass if Xander gets hurt?
So... what's your pleasure?
Uh huh. Hang on.
Oh.
No problem. I'm ready to do business.
Actually, yes. Giles left a couple of supplies here, and I think I know just the thing to help.
Right, but getting back to Xander-
It's just, he made a fool of me, and nobody seems to care enough to do anything.
But shouldn't he pay? Don't you wish he had to pay in some horrible way?
Right. So - hypothetically - what do you wish you could do to him?
...thing about it is, none of this was my idea. I didn't ask to be human-
To tell the truth, all I wanted was to use him and lose him. I hadn't had a good tumble in a thousand years-
Then he was all bumpy in the right places and nice to me...
Next thing I know, I'm changing to please him. I care if he cares.
I'm off my guard. Happy. I'm singing in the shower and doing my sexy dance-
Screw em!
I did everything for that man. Was it ever enough?
Me either! I hate us! Everybody's So "nice." Nobody speaks their mind.
Really?
Xander didn't think so. He thought I was rude.
You think?
Thank you.
No - thank you.
This whole time, I've been coming on all hell bent and mad. Wanting his head you know?
When, really, I can't sleep at night, thinking - it has to be my fault, somehow-
I mean, what if he was just pretending? What if he never really wanted me, I mean the way I wanted... Oh, God... I'm sorry.
Then why?
Too hot to handle.
I have one more question-
Can I see your sexy dance?
Wait. Wait. What are we doing-
You know I'm only doing this 'cause I'm lonely and I'm drunk and you smell good.
Xander, no! Stop it! Stop it!
How...
And then you weren't. You left me, Xander. At the altar. I don't owe you anything.
Where do you get off judging me-
No, the mature solution is to spend your whole life telling stupid, pointless jokes so no one will notice you're just a scared, insecure little boy!
Buffy.
Don't.
