Again?
So we're thinking 'two to go'. Jonathan. And, whatsisface, the other guy.
No she couldn't. A witch at her level? She could only go airborne. It's a thing. Very flashy, impresses the locals, but it does take longer.
Teleporting.
There you two are. Listen to me. We have to get you out of here now or you'll both be killed. Guard!
Guard!
Warren shot Buffy. Warren shot Tara. Buffy's alive. Tara's dead. Willow found out and being the most powerful Wicca in the western hemisphere, she went for the payback. With interest.
She killed him. Ripped him apart and bloodied up the forest doing it. Now she's coming here and you two are next.
Something's coming. Something bad. You have to let these men out or I guarantee you there will be hell to pay.
One of the many things in this world you are not prepared to deal with.
Yes. And we're out of time. Just believe me when I tell you...
... So please, stop looking at me like it's your first trip to the circus and do your job - let them out!
Were you listening?!? This is the one place they won't be safe!
I can't. It doesn't work that way.
Willow - just, stop for a second and listen to...
And once again, we find Xander Harris needing the big help.
No. I can't. And that means whatever she's feeling, it's gone way beyond simple vengeance.
Not everything.
Book of protection spells. Anti- Magic. Our last resort.
Ah. Okay. The good news is - text is intact. Bad news is - I can't read a word of it. It's like in, ancient Sumerian or something.
You're too close.
I don't know. I'm looking right at this stuff and I can't read it.
Which means no protection spell...
The annoying virgin has a point. What if Willow filets their sole and then comes after --
You don't know that.
She tried to use you for a hood ornament, Xander. She doesn't care if you live or die.
I care if you live or die, Xander. I'm just not sure which one I want.
Let me guess. You'll propose.
There is nothing in this world that could give me greater or more lasting satisfaction than reaping bloody vengeance upon you, Xander Harris.
That wasn't vengeance. It was solace.
Don't. You don't get to play the martyr.
None of this would be happening if it weren't for you.
(a beat, then sadly) I was talking about us.
(Sumerian, phonetic) Goo-roo-meh ning-in-meh, noo-gull-gull-ah, goo-roo- meh ning-in-meh, cheh-meh- dull -dull -eh.
Shield around us, never broken, shield surrounds us, keep us from harm...
I have to stay to keep the spell going on Willow.
Do something right.
HELP ME!
